    The reason the year 2023 is included and available despite the end year being 2022 is because the BRFSS 
always includes some datapoints for the next year within a given year (why exactly I do not know, perhaps
they release their data a few weeks after the year end and by then they already have some gotten some 
information on the next year). They are enough datapoints in 2023 to properly run statistical tests on it.
    In regards to the length of time it took to write this program, one will see from the github link that 
this project is contained on that it took around 3 weeks to complete. However I want to make it clear that this 
was not 3 weeks of a constant full work-day type of schedule. Rather, I picked this project off fairly slowly 
and I did not work on this project every single day. Due to events and circumstances in my life at the time I 
did not fully commit to finishing this project as fast as possible. It is also worth noting that as this was
my first project, things obviously went slowly as everything was a fairly new experience and I wanted to make
sure I was doing everything to my standards. While I don't have a great estimate for how many hours this 
project took me nor did I record my hours, the actual amount of time was less than the 3 weeks.
    This was my first project on python and on github, and I am extremely happy with the results. I genuinely 
believe I have learned and benefited massively from the process of making this project as well as the many 
new challenges I had to face. One thing that played a big factor in this was my attempt to make this 
program as dynamic as possible, essentially making it so any person could take this code and fairly easily
re-program it for their own interests. While I knew very well I could have hard-coded everything and made 
everything fairly static, along with not using recursions and such, I thought it was important to try to 
make this code as readable, functional, and as simple as possible while still maintaining to create a 
dynamic program. In the process of this, I often found myself making code that was over-complicated and 
too complex/convoluted, resulting in me trying to brainstorm different ways to approach problems and my 
goal in a more efficient manner. While the program isn't perfect and it's clear I still have a lot to learn,
I believe this project helped me in ways that a course or book cannot offer. I also hope that from this 
program, it becomes clear to any reader that I am capable of working within the Data Science field.
    As for the future, I hope to continue to work on projects on my own in different fields (such as
economic or policy). I may also try to make a proper version of this project for Stata. For any 
criticisms, questions, or concerns about my project(s) or me please contact me by my email, FeenKhawar@gmail.com